What is the grass doing?
I haven't seen you solve the arson case for so many days
Nonsense, an arson case, I still don't like it
If I want to solve a case, I will also solve a big one.
So ambitious
Since you are so powerful, why don't you go to Dali Temple to work?
Instead, he wants to stay in this academy
That's my business.
It's not up to a pariah to tell you what to do
Brother Zheng, if you came today just to humiliate my husband
Then please get out of here, you are not welcome
Husband
Junior sister, you actually call him husband
Are you crazy?
He's just a piece of crap
Could it be that my Zheng family is no better than a Qin family?
It's not what happened to our Qin family?
Make it clear to me.
Shut up, there is no place for you to talk between me and my sister
A toad wants to eat swan meat too
Don't look at your own virtues
Enough Zhengqing
I respect you as a senior brother
If you hide from others
Don't blame Junior Sister for being rude to you
Hey junior sister
How can he be worthy of you?
Why don't you understand my brother's painstaking efforts?
No need, senior brother, if you really have this heart
It's better to be on the right path
Red grass stop
Why, senior brother, do you still want to stop me?
Qingfeng, if you are a man, stand up and despise me
Whoever loses gets out
Hahahaha
Good idea.
I didn't expect such an interesting thing to happen in the fruit room once in a while
What are you?
What's the matter with you when we readers talk?
Get out